content/notes/tools/Nmap.md, before:

---
title: Nmap 👁️‍🗨️
tags:
  - Tool
---
## Standard scan

```shell
nmap -sC -T4 -p- HOST > sC.txt
```

## ICMP

- The machine does not respond to ping:

```shell
nmap -sV -PS -sC -T4 -p- HOST > scan.txt 
```

## TTL responses

> *Credits to [Cronicasdeuninformatico](https://cronicasdeuninformatico.com/2018/08/tiempos-ttl-de-los-distintos-sistemas.html)*

![](Pasted%20image%2020250515103834.png)

- Linux/Unix: 64
- Windows: 128
- MacOS: 64
- Solaris/AIX: 254
- FreeBSD: 64

# HTB Cheatsheet

## Scanning Options

|**Nmap Option**|**Description**|
|---|---|
|`10.10.10.0/24`|Target network range.|
|`-sn`|Disables port scanning.|
|`-Pn`|Disables ICMP Echo Requests|
|`-n`|Disables DNS Resolution.|
|`-PE`|Performs the ping scan by using ICMP Echo Requests against the target.|
|`--packet-trace`|Shows all packets sent and received.|
|`--reason`|Displays the reason for a specific result.|
|`--disable-arp-ping`|Disables ARP Ping Requests.|
|`--top-ports=<num>`|Scans the specified top ports that have been defined as most frequent.|
|`-p-`|Scan all ports.|
|`-p22-110`|Scan all ports between 22 and 110.|
|`-p22,25`|Scans only the specified ports 22 and 25.|
|`-F`|Scans top 100 ports.|
|`-sS`|Performs an TCP SYN-Scan.|
|`-sA`|Performs an TCP ACK-Scan.|
|`-sU`|Performs an UDP Scan.|
|`-sV`|Scans the discovered services for their versions.|
|`-sC`|Perform a Script Scan with scripts that are categorized as "default".|
|`--script <script>`|Performs a Script Scan by using the specified scripts.|
|`-O`|Performs an OS Detection Scan to determine the OS of the target.|
|`-A`|Performs OS Detection, Service Detection, and traceroute scans.|
|`-D RND:5`|Sets the number of random Decoys that will be used to scan the target.|
|`-e`|Specifies the network interface that is used for the scan.|
|`-S 10.10.10.200`|Specifies the source IP address for the scan.|
|`-g`|Specifies the source port for the scan.|
|`--dns-server <ns>`|DNS resolution is performed by using a specified name server.|

## Output Options

|**Nmap Option**|**Description**|
|---|---|
|`-oA filename`|Stores the results in all available formats starting with the name of "filename".|
|`-oN filename`|Stores the results in normal format with the name "filename".|
|`-oG filename`|Stores the results in "grepable" format with the name of "filename".|
|`-oX filename`|Stores the results in XML format with the name of "filename".|

## Performance Options

|**Nmap Option**|**Description**|
|---|---|
|`--max-retries <num>`|Sets the number of retries for scans of specific ports.|
|`--stats-every=5s`|Displays scan's status every 5 seconds.|
|`-v/-vv`|Displays verbose output during the scan.|
|`--initial-rtt-timeout 50ms`|Sets the specified time value as initial RTT timeout.|
|`--max-rtt-timeout 100ms`|Sets the specified time value as maximum RTT timeout.|
|`--min-rate 300`|Sets the number of packets that will be sent simultaneously.|
|`-T <0-5>`|Specifies the specific timing template.|

Commit message:

network enumeration with nmap finished

content/notes/tools/Nmap.md, after:

---
title: Nmap 👁️‍🗨️
tags:
  - Tool
---
## Standard scans

- Most common and basic:

```shell
nmap -sC -T4 -p- HOST > sC.txt
```

- Alternative:

```shell
ports=$(nmap -p- --min-rate=1000 -T4 10.10.10.10 | grep '^[0-9]' | cut -d '/' -f 1 | tr '\n' ',' | sed s/,$//) 
nmap -p$ports -sC -sV 10.10.10.138
```

## ICMP

- The machine does not respond to ping:

```shell
nmap -sV -PS -sC -T4 -p- HOST > scan.txt 
```

## TTL responses

> *Credits to [Cronicasdeuninformatico](https://cronicasdeuninformatico.com/2018/08/tiempos-ttl-de-los-distintos-sistemas.html)*

![](Pasted%20image%2020250515103834.png)

- Linux/Unix: 64
- Windows: 128
- MacOS: 64
- Solaris/AIX: 254
- FreeBSD: 64

# HTB Cheatsheet

## Scanning Options

|**Nmap Option**|**Description**|
|---|---|
|`10.10.10.0/24`|Target network range.|
|`-sn`|Disables port scanning.|
|`-Pn`|Disables ICMP Echo Requests|
|`-n`|Disables DNS Resolution.|
|`-PE`|Performs the ping scan by using ICMP Echo Requests against the target.|
|`--packet-trace`|Shows all packets sent and received.|
|`--reason`|Displays the reason for a specific result.|
|`--disable-arp-ping`|Disables ARP Ping Requests.|
|`--top-ports=<num>`|Scans the specified top ports that have been defined as most frequent.|
|`-p-`|Scan all ports.|
|`-p22-110`|Scan all ports between 22 and 110.|
|`-p22,25`|Scans only the specified ports 22 and 25.|
|`-F`|Scans top 100 ports.|
|`-sS`|Performs an TCP SYN-Scan.|
|`-sA`|Performs an TCP ACK-Scan.|
|`-sU`|Performs an UDP Scan.|
|`-sV`|Scans the discovered services for their versions.|
|`-sC`|Perform a Script Scan with scripts that are categorized as "default".|
|`--script <script>`|Performs a Script Scan by using the specified scripts.|
|`-O`|Performs an OS Detection Scan to determine the OS of the target.|
|`-A`|Performs OS Detection, Service Detection, and traceroute scans.|
|`-D RND:5`|Sets the number of random Decoys that will be used to scan the target.|
|`-e`|Specifies the network interface that is used for the scan.|
|`-S 10.10.10.200`|Specifies the source IP address for the scan.|
|`-g`|Specifies the source port for the scan.|
|`--dns-server <ns>`|DNS resolution is performed by using a specified name server.|

## Output Options

|**Nmap Option**|**Description**|
|---|---|
|`-oA filename`|Stores the results in all available formats starting with the name of "filename".|
|`-oN filename`|Stores the results in normal format with the name "filename".|
|`-oG filename`|Stores the results in "grepable" format with the name of "filename".|
|`-oX filename`|Stores the results in XML format with the name of "filename".|

If we save it in `.xml` then we can create an html rom it like:

```shell
xsltproc scan.xml -o scan.html
```

![](Pasted%20image%2020250522104029.png)

## Performance Options

|**Nmap Option**|**Description**|
|---|---|
|`--max-retries <num>`|Sets the number of retries for scans of specific ports.|
|`--stats-every=5s`|Displays scan's status every 5 seconds.|
|`-v/-vv`|Displays verbose output during the scan.|
|`--initial-rtt-timeout 50ms`|Sets the specified time value as initial RTT timeout.|
|`--max-rtt-timeout 100ms`|Sets the specified time value as maximum RTT timeout.|
|`--min-rate 300`|Sets the number of packets that will be sent simultaneously.|
|`-T <0-5>`|Specifies the specific timing template.|
