content/index.md, before:

---
title: Welcome to c1b3r n0t3s!
---

This is [gitblanc's](https://github.com/gitblanc/) personal cybersecurity notes documentation webpage. Take into account that all the information contained here is for cyber-education and non-profit too. Thus, I'm not responsible for what is done with this information.

Keep in mind that if you have a web antivirus some of the notes might not be displayed or could be blocked due to this notes contain real viruses (but just for educational purposes and inoffensive).

I'll also upload some writeups of machines that I consider brainfuck for me.

Give me an ⭐️ in the Github repository if you like the content.

<img src="https://www.hackthebox.eu/badge/image/1842544" alt="HackTheBox">

| Writeups            | Link                                                                                 |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| HTB Easy Machines   | [Easy Machines](https://gitblanc.github.io/c1b3rn0t3s/writeups/HackTheBox/Easy/)     |
| HTB Medium Machines | [Medium Machines](https://gitblanc.github.io/c1b3rn0t3s/writeups/HackTheBox/Medium/) |
| HTB Web Challenges  | [Web Challenges](https://gitblanc.github.io/c1b3rn0t3s/challenges/web/)              |

| CERTS Preparation paths          | Links                                                   |
| -------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| HTB Certfified bug Bounty Hacker | [CBBH](https://gitblanc.github.io/c1b3rn0t3s/tags/CBBH) |

<script data-goatcounter="https://gitblanc.goatcounter.com/count"
        async src="//gc.zgo.at/count.js"></script>


![banner](img/banner.jpg)

Commit message:

added corrections to rooted ctfs

content/index.md, after:

---
title: Welcome to c1b3r n0t3s!
---

This is [gitblanc's](https://github.com/gitblanc/) personal cybersecurity notes documentation webpage. Take into account that all the information contained here is for cyber-education and non-profit too. Thus, I'm not responsible for what is done with this information.

Keep in mind that if you have a web antivirus some of the notes might not be displayed or could be blocked due to this notes contain "*real viruses*" (but just for educational purposes and inoffensive).

I also upload HTB writeups :)

Give me an ⭐️ in the Github repository if you like the content.

<img src="https://www.hackthebox.eu/badge/image/1842544" alt="HackTheBox">

| Writeups            | Links                                                                                |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| HTB Easy Machines   | [Easy Machines](https://gitblanc.github.io/c1b3rn0t3s/writeups/HackTheBox/Easy/)     |
| HTB Medium Machines | [Medium Machines](https://gitblanc.github.io/c1b3rn0t3s/writeups/HackTheBox/Medium/) |
| HTB Web Challenges  | [Web Challenges](https://gitblanc.github.io/c1b3rn0t3s/challenges/web/)              |

| CERTS Preparation paths          | Links                                                   |
| -------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| HTB Certfified bug Bounty Hacker | [CBBH](https://gitblanc.github.io/c1b3rn0t3s/tags/CBBH) |

| Conferences knowledge | Links                                                             |
| --------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| RootedCON 2025        | [RootedCON](https://gitblanc.github.io/c1b3rn0t3s/tags/RootedCON) |


<script data-goatcounter="https://gitblanc.goatcounter.com/count"
        async src="//gc.zgo.at/count.js"></script>


![banner](img/banner.jpg)
